Well, here it goes. I need to write things down. With typoes and what not. I will use chatgpt afterwards to clean it up. Ok, LLM ...
I guess I need to inform my wife. I will do it after making this commit. Just typing in, no changes. It can be organized and analyzed later.
Yes, it will be public. I am inspired or nudged by ludic.mataroa.blog. I want to record how it is. To have something left behind.
Also I hope that this machinal pressing of buttons will finally let me ge to a proper blind typing. I still do look at keyboard occasionally. Like almost 10 times in this line.
Hmm, is there an option to word wrap? Noticed it in the corner. Soft wrap it is. No idea what it is, I will not test it, guess that it will prevent going beyond width of my screen.
Right, too long sentence. I will keep them short. Enough for now. Or not. I had this strike today and was thinking about how it will be happening for some time. And I lied earlier - I just went back and fixed the start of current sentence. And again. Hmm, near border I am and can see the wrap. It is ok. Also just corrected a type earlier in this line. It is ok, there are no rules here ... yet. Contradiction ... I do not care. I plan to write daily. Just because I work too efficiently and hav ejust 10% padding for rest. All toilet and tea breaks excluded, etc. I need to have it back to 20%. What will my employers and client say? Well, you are lucky it is not hundreds of percents as some non few of your workers do. Too long line.
Better. So - what about when I will be identified? This is public, remember? After quick though - I do not care I guess. I am not sure why do I work at this point for. I find it enjoyable, it is a habit and I get paid nice for my country. Still too low by US standards. But we do get almost free medicine. I am 35 since recently (I will drop details here and there ... sue me and prove that this whole thing is not fake or hallucination) and I had quite a few serios operations and emergencies in recent years. Also got severe lung issues and had to be intubated before covid was a thing. Sudden, had to lelearn to walk. But imagine-MMO exp during induced coma was ... interesting.
